

Take an example of tests—how does Selenium execute the test?

What is the lifecycle of a test?

What is the entry point in Selenium?

How does test execution in the test lifecycle work in Selenium?

What are Jenkins pipeline configurations?

What is a Selenium configuration file?

How do you handle XML?

What are configuration files?

How do you read an XML file?

How do you read an XML configuration file in a framework?

What is the difference between InputStream and BufferedReader?

What is Log4j?

How do you set up Log4j from scratch?

How do you initialize Log4j?

What is LogManager?

What are Maven plugins and their use?

What is the recent version of the Maven Surefire Plugin?

Is it possible to have different versions of a plugin?

Log4j 1.25 and adding other dependencies like Jackson have different Log4j. How do you exclude Log4j conflicts?

What does mvn clean verify do?

What does -D mean in Maven?

What does -D x123 mean?

What does git fetch do?

What does git reset HEAD do?

How do you unstage a commit using its ID in Git?

Explain nested exception handling.

Why is the finally block used?

What is the difference between throw and throws?

Explain a custom exception class in any framework.

What is the difference between TreeMap and HashMap?

Can we override a static method?

Why can't we override a static method?

What is a copy constructor?

How do you overload a constructor?


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


What will happen with findElement and findElements if the XPath doesn’t exist?

What are 4 different ways to perform a normal click and a right-click? Which method needs to be used in which scenario?

How will you handle a Chrome version upgrade issue?

How does WebDriverManager work?

You are typing into an input box and entering some values; later on, you want to verify the text. How can you do that?

What are Selenium Desired Capabilities?

What is headless mode in browsers, and how is it used in Selenium?

What are the disadvantages of headless mode?

Using a balance scale only twice, how can you identify a faulty coin among 9 coins?


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


When designing a Selenium framework, what are the steps you follow?
Annotations in TestNG:

What happens after annotations in TestNG?
Working with Properties Files:

If a website’s username and password are stored in a .properties file, how do you fetch those values in your test methods?
How do you use the application.properties file in Selenium for test methods?
Dependency Management in Maven:

What are the elements in a pom.xml file?
Handling Selenium Version Updates:

Your manager asks you to update the Selenium version in the project without raising a pull request. How would you do it?
Static Methods in Automation Frameworks:

Have you used static methods in an automation framework? If yes, where and how?
API Testing Questions:
Working with REST Assured:

What are some common problems you have solved using REST Assured?
Properties File Usage:

How can you use a properties file for API testing to manage base URLs, endpoints, or authentication details?
General Automation Questions:
Overloading and Overriding in Frameworks:

Can you overload methods in your framework? How does the compiler decide which method to use?
Framework Utility Methods:

How do you manage utility methods like logging, data generation, or configuration management in your framework?
Driver Management:

How do you manage WebDriver instances efficiently (e.g., using Singleton patterns)?
Framework Updates:

How do you ensure framework components like WebDriver, dependencies, and configuration are updated regularly?
Custom Framework Methods:

How do you write reusable functions in your automation framework for actions like waiting for elements or handling exceptions?

How do you handle popups in Selenium?
How do you rerun the failed test cases in an automation test suite?
How does the machine pick up the failed tests?
How do you take a screenshot in Selenium?
How do you upload elements in automation?
How do you handle double-click in Selenium?
How do you perform drag and drop in Selenium?
Difference between dragAndDrop() method and clickAndHold() + moveToElement() + release() method for drag-and-drop in Selenium?

What is the difference between PUT and POST methods?
What is the difference between URL and URI?
What is database automation testing?
Selenium Questions
Write a Selenium script to go to Amazon, search for a mobile, and click on the 5th element to add it to the cart.
Provide a locator in Selenium for the button: <button class="a-button-text" type="button" id="a-autoid-3-announce">Add to cart</button>.
Write a Selenium script to click on a specific button based on its HTML.
How to handle challenges in Selenium automation testing?
General Automation Questions
What kind of challenges have you faced in automation testing?
What are the preferences for locators in Playwright?
What inbuilt methods for locators exist in Playwright?
Explain the difference between git rebase and git merge.
What is the git cherry-pick command?


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Write a Java program to determine whether a given string of parentheses is balanced or unbalanced. Your solution should handle all types of brackets:

What is Kafka and what is it used for?

Why is UI automation preferred over API automation?

What is encapsulation?

You have a method with multiple parameters, and the number of parameters is dynamic, decided at runtime — how will you handle it?

What if a method has multiple return values?

In Java, is it also possible (to return multiple values)?

Do you know what is dot params (...params)?

What is RequestSpecification?

What is the difference between form param and query param?

What are listeners?

How to run failed tests in different ways?

Any other method (to run failed tests)?

Is test-output a file or a package?

You have error code 401 — what could be the problem and solution?

You are writing a request in Rest Assured and getting failures — how will you debug?

Difference between String and StringBuffer?

What is mutable?

Can you give me test cases for pagination?

Selenium 4 vs Selenium 3?

Write code in Selenium to:

Go to google.com

Type name “swati”

Print what is written in the search box
What do you check while doing manual testing in Postman?

Did you use any fantasy apps? How do you think of using them? Give an example of Dream11.

Give top-line test cases.

Write a Java program where if the user enters 1, the output is 0, and if they enter 0, the output is 1.

Write a program to find the second smallest in a random array.

Does Java support multiple inheritance?

Why does Java not support multiple inheritance?

What is the core reason for the diamond problem?

Is a String object allowed?

How many ways can we create String objects?

What is the difference between String creation using literals and new keyword?


If string contains Bread and Bread 2 times in string, then need to print the middle string. If its not repeating 2 times then blank

Input
str = "BreadJamBread";  O/P :- "This is Jam"

str = "yyyBreadCharBreadxxx";  O/P :- "This is Char"

str = "Breadysandyuyuyu";   O/P :- ""


